[Music]
so wwe2k15 might have sucked a bit the
creation suite was gutted out to fit in
all the motion capture CG of John Cena's
massive forehead my career mode was a
grind and the showcase mode paled in
comparison to its counterparts from
previous games but there were a few gems
hidden away in there one that definitely
shouldn't be removed from WWE 2k16 I'm
Adam from what cult accom and here are
our top 10 things to keep from WWE 2k15
number 10 the realistic stamina system
were in the reality here after all
and 2k15 overhauled the franchise's
stamina system to reflect this take or
dish out too many moves and your
character becomes sluggish climbing the
top rope becomes a Herculean task and
pins become weak one-armed Affairs it
was a clever concept that incorporates
some realistic strategy into how you
play and if you didn't like it you could
just turn it off number 9 match
structuring in 2k15 you couldn't just
charge out of the box or guns blazing to
quote jr. the two opponents had to feel
each other out in the get-go and this
took the form of a rock-paper-scissors
style chain wrestling minigame
frustrating to some and it was a little
unfair that the crowd started chanting
boring at me during a mandatory minigame
but this feature added to that sense of
authenticity adding a new gameplay
element while doing so number 8 blood we
liked the red sauce okay it doesn't make
us monsters well maybe some of us but
while WWE have turned their back on the
proverbial crimson mask
there's no denying the impact that the
sight of blood can have just take
WrestleMania 30 ones main event for
proof of that don't take it away from us
2k we kinda need it number 7 the DLCs
could we please have them for less money
buying all of the packs as they came out
would cost an extra forty English pounds
or 76 Yankee dollars which is enough for
a second copy of the game it might have
been worth it if the DLCs were about
something a little more than sexual
chocolate and the less famous one from
Edge and Christian no offense fellas
keep the DLCs sure a year is a long time
to wait for new characters and new move
sets but let's be reasonable about the
cost
2k number 6 the soundtrack yes I get it
hearing we dem Boyz for the 412 time is
enough to drive a man to pants on
lunacy but at the beginning it was nice
to hear more than just a superstar
themes from 2k14 especially when the
most common one of those was David
Otunga theme be still my swinging hips a
deeper tracklist would certainly help
the game's longevity nor at least how
much it tries our patience number 5 oMG
moments these were some of the best bits
in the game especially if you discover
them by yourself saving up a bunch of
finishes allows players to recreate
various high spots from WWE's history
some like Roman reigns apron dropkick or
Sami Zayn's Corner DDT were character
exclusive and made you want to play as
everyone on the roster and I hope to
find one of these Easter eggs more of
these plays many more number four who
got NXT WWE's developmental system is
practically their third flagship show by
now and should be reflected as such in
the games a feature exclusive to last
gen editions of the game who got NXT was
a mini showcase mode showing off the
likes of Adrian Neville
Sami Zayn and more it would be a crime
if next gen versions missed out on a
mode like this again the crowds on rora
started chanting NXT NXT and gamers
should do the same number three the logo
uploader this was the only bright spot
in the quagmire of whoa that was 2k15 s
creation sweet gone were created Eva
create a title create an arena create a
finisher but the creator logo remained
allowing players to upload images into
the game to be used for their custom
characters let's hope it remains and
that the creation options sorely missed
last time come back to the fold number 2
sting the stinger came up short at
WrestleMania but that hopefully won't
mean we're done with him in our games
rumors persist about the long-awaited
dream match between sting and The
Undertaker at WrestleMania 32 and even
if that never comes to pass we should be
able to have the chance to create that
match for ourselves in game you can CGI
out the bald spot if you like but let
the icon stay and number one the
entrances perhaps a controversial choice
considering that the flash entrances
included in WWE 2k15 have been carrying
a lot of the blame for so much of the
games creations for you having to be cut
down but damn it
they're a work of art and contributed
greatly to the feel of the game the
in-game model of Bray Wyatt might have
looked like he was trying to eat his own
face but his entrance was stunning so
that's our top 10 things to keep from
WWE 2k15
what about you have we missed anything
out what would you like to see returned
in the next game hit is up below with
your comments don't forget to subscribe
I'm Adam from what culture calm and I'll
see you soon